chore(css): Move CSS examples - masking (#36748)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/mask-clip/index.md

### Clipping a mask to the border box

> Open the live sample in the playground and change the `mask-clip` value to any of the allowed values detailed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click "Play" in the live sample to open the code in the MDN Playground and change the `mask-clip` value to any of the allowed values described above.
```

Reviewer: minor one to hint at clicking "Play"
